Well,
for testing purposes. I was thinking I really I beat Mara.
And she has to leave early because she has to be. It used to hurt. Sorry. Oh, HR
Meetings instantly right after he said reschedule.
Right. Oh, Mr. Good, yeah. Yeah, well, but we check today and
Will great here's what we Will Arnett is returning. I think we will now.
Yes, OK.
I can hear you. Can you hear me. Yep.
So we don't get to see, well, but we'll get to see us. Yeah, that's kind of one sided there well
Sorry about that. My camera doesn't work.
Like we share. Sure.
Sure. That's what else
Will you expect anyone else from your side of joint just trying to get Italian we should wait for
Dominic so
I think Melissa might have said she may be coming, but I don't know.
She's a poly campus.
Oh, OK.
OK. It's been a while since I've
So,
A couple minutes.
Thanks you.
Guys, hear me.
Okay, cool. I said shoes moronic only social
She's going to join us. Lee. Yeah.
Okay, no problem.
She was my one time I had a device that was like you know spamming people and I got all the love notes from YouTube on the weekend that are like, hi, by the way, we're shutting your device down
But we went to high school together. Oh yes, it
Kind of funny. She knows she went up my husband do like Roman
Go Red Mountain.
Okay, so maybe I'll get us started. We are gathered here today and what I'd like to do you to colleagues is kind of share with you what we've been doing. And the problem we've encountered. Does that make sense.
Does that seem like a good place to start. Yeah.
That was great, where I started. So, okay.
So, Mara, and I work on the human resources team and our organization within the knowledge enterprises pretty large. And we have lots of distributed people in different
Building several miles apart and that's probably something you guys are used to one thing you're not used to is we changed our name a lot
A lot. And so, or even just in fact that we're now knowledge enterprise not okay we we are just knowledge enterprise which sometimes you'll see abbreviated with ke
We have all sorts of fun slaying acronyms for Katie, but nonetheless, and so you'll hear us say the knowledge enterprise as you knowledge enterprise. I think a lot of us still say okay, it's hard not to. Okay.
So one of those challenges we run into is we do a lot of centralized communication from our team and
I created several calendars and email accounts Back in the day, but I think I'm still the owner for actually but that are used by a variety of different people. And so I'm one of those is
A calendar called the overhead events calendar. And so, um, one thing that's nice about it is that it's it's universal and it operates like a person.
It's been set up for so long. We have an email account and a mailbox literally a mailbox. So we can send as so it's not just a public folder. It's actually a mailbox and we have a calendar.
For to be able to send as that and it's nice because
A variety of people use it. It's a great shared resource. And when we need to contact the enterprise, it's a better business process and in general standard scheduling administrative over site.
Outlook best practices is to have like resource scheduling manage those types of requests, because it's usually not good to have calendars tied to a person
And a more relevant example of this is we had a member of the HR team send out to meeting recurrences for very critical HR related things for our managers to approve time and leave. It's kind of a big deal. And this employee.
Did not put an end date on the recurrence and send them from her personal calendar. Unfortunately, she is no longer with us and we do not have the ability to modify those or to end them. And the bigger issue is when I'm
Unfortunately, when there are modifications to the payroll calendar. It happens at least two or three times a year with three day weekends holidays scheduling things time and leave has to be approved earlier and it's something. Sure. No, um, you guys use task and new to
The product.
Do you use task to approve timely.
Or do you guys go directly into PeopleSoft to record your time into request leave
We typically go into people's will not using my ASU.
Right. Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Okay. There's another system that a lot of the university uses so okay anyway. So we have these Miss directed misinformed never expiring calendar occurrences on about 1000 people's calendars.
To give you some scope of this. So it's kind of a big deal. One, we would want it, we would still like to fix that. And at least get those to go away too so that I guess there's twofold request in this. The other thing we'd like to do is to be able
To send to have like a shared calendar from the HR department.
Where, not only do we use it for, you know, pay period reminders of improving time but also for things like our employee recognition event coming up or our town hall meetings just to have other opportunities.
When we do HR related meetings to be able to send from the HR account because we have knowledge enterprise HR. We just need a calendar associated with that.
And that's where we are, or some sort of Calendaring resource.
So basically, yeah. So from you guys, we're trying to get a better understanding of what is available. What is not available. What are the roadblocks and really an understanding of how. Has anybody else do this.
This can be a unique problem. I wouldn't imagine. And so we kind of wanted to pick your brains about this this particular scenario.
Both what we're trying to do moving forward. And if there's any possibility of of doing something about all these rope calendar events that we have no ability to clean up anymore.
So please feel free to share
And let us know what you think here.
All right. Um, well.
For the need of a new calendar.
A shared calendar is something we could do.
That's typically we don't create user accounts.
If we can avoid it, especially if it's something that has a username password.
It's more of a security thing on our side. We don't like the idea of these rogue accounts and we don't know who
Is using them. Because if you're logging in with a username password of that account and there's no way for us to keep track and audit of who's using it or what's coming out of there.
But if it's a shared mailbox. We can probably get around that.
Will have to bring it up with our security team and we just make sure that's okay.
That would be something similar to the okay the events calendar.
Thank you.
And as far as the rogue events. Unfortunately, there's not a real good way of
handling those somebody will have to log on to the mailbox of the user who sent the event and delete it from there. And really, that's sort of a user by user basis.
I mean, is there any. Is that a possibility or Legalism surrounding a reactivation of an unknown non existent employees account.
It depends on what the state of the mailbox is if it's a suspended mailbox, there's no problem with us logging into it manually.
Already been deleted and that creates problems because there's nothing to log into
And in that case, it's more
Having the recipients. Remove the messages themselves.
Right, which is not desirable, obviously I'm is OK, you guys have to know the account. The user name of the account or the name. So this car is right. Oh, yes.
Okay, yes, you're right. I mean, you probably have them on your calendar.
So it depends on when you come over for designers are still on task. Yeah.
Yeah, I don't know. I don't even trying to figure out how to do this. Well, I'm quick to delete things that I know don't make any sense.
I personally anyways. Long story short, love me, you don't have
To say Cooper. Yeah, it's healthy. I J K L M EC UVA
So I don't know if you guys heard that. But would you guys be able to look into that as you ID J o se si UVA and see if that account is suspended or expelled, can we remove
The idea again, yo.
Yo se see you be a okay this sort of occurred in July, July 8 or beginning of July. Yeah, first, second week of July.
If that also
So particular user their exchange account is still active. It's only what suspended, but it still exists.
The job.
Which means it's a possibility to remove a day. So what would be the procedure. I mean, can we for to be an example of the event that we're there's two events that were referring to and see if he could coordinate with that or I wouldn't be that
So this will be a thing of Dominic would Dominic's team and probably take care of and most likely a support ticket.
Okay.
And just make sure you include you know details about the meeting that you want removed and the owner of the mailbox.
Okay, you want just a general email a
Either or we just really need like the title of the event so like the subject.
Is the organizer and then we can take care
Okay, and then
Would you recommend just doing a full delete or would you recommend ending this series on the next coming requested date and then
Ideally, if you just end the recurrence that would be the least disruptive to business, right, because if you just hit delete the series. It takes everything out.
Of course, I don't know. That's probably better. Okay, that's better. I would say, so we just have to articulate to them what our expectations are correct.
Yes.
Yeah, yeah. I mean, we can remove it completely, or we can change the date I believe
It would be easier for you to just go in and hit the Delete button. So I think we'll probably request that
Yeah, and delete the series, not the occurrence delete the series.
Yeah.
Okay.
And then as far as the calendar goes, we already have the knowledge enterprise Human Resources mailbox. We agree, we don't want the responsibility of creating an account with a login and password if there is a way to
Build a calendar for the already established knowledge enterprise Human Resources account that's definitely the way to go. We already have a permissions in a user's group associated with the access to that mailbox. So if you
Are a public folder, it's, it's a public folder. It's not an actual email account. So it's just
So there's a calendar and there's the public folder that has a look at a chart view and under that there's a calendar with the same name.
The problem we run into is when you guys create an event on that calendar that's there. You can't send as right okay HRT as you got edu. They don't want knowledge enterprise human resources.
That you would be open to investigating that correct with your security team.
It's a possibility requirements is on that.
Calendar needs to be able to process or one of so if your requirement is the calendar needs to be able to process incoming event requests.
Like if someone's gonna be sending invite to the calendar.
It's only an outgoing
We don't want people to invite to it. We want to be able to send as and then ideally monitor responses accepts the claims are tentative
Okay.
So if you could investigate the feasibility of that it doesn't need to be able to accept a request, it's a it's a one way calendar. Right. No one will ever need to send it a request.
So you guys have. So for this existing calendar. I mean, correct me if I'm wrong, but if we if we didn't move forward on this. It sounds to me like it wouldn't have to be a brand new calendar right
Yeah, if we did create the shared mailbox. It'd be a brand new everything. Yeah.
So that's also something to consider is that this cannot be the calendar. You have now, that's fine. So let me okay if we kind of
Yeah, there's no, there's nothing on it is the calendar that was created. Is that what we use with. Yeah, it doesn't function the way we. Okay, great. You can have nothing in it. Yeah, okay. Most
Of the events account is actually an exchange. Oh, and it's not a bit. Yeah. So it's an event. Okay.
Ad Exchange today issue.edu so the events calendar, the events account lives that way. I don't know if it would be possible. Like, I would imagine.
It would be, it wouldn't be a problem, theoretically, if it was approved to create this account create the calendar. But in terms of like
Yeah, accessing the responses. I can only imagine forwarding that data. Everything that's coming in the mailbox to get live so like folder.
Doesn't matter where it lives now because it won't live there. Right. But like an event account. It actually is an account that gets mounted to all of the users mailboxes or so all of them live in there. Okay. Actually, you
To connect so like we can send as events and then all of the meeting responses go okay right okay but it's just, yeah. It just basically becomes person. Right. I mean, it is a person. A person. It's a big person.
With the permissions dictated by the users group which you guys control. Yeah. So currently about. One is we can't add anybody to that to people would have access to have access to it. We can everyone according to YouTube.
Because it's not it's individuals. It's not a deal words to that. So I don't know. So for this one, we will give you the DL. Yeah. For this for this request for you to have the DL have permission to it.
Is it possible to have a deal have permissions on account like that.
Can you define permissions.
Well, let's just send us. Yeah.
Okay, the events email right now and I
Thought okay data issue.edu or it's like a million different redirects but exchanged. I know right now.
So, Brenda has access to that I own it, you own it. We were trying to get Brandon added to it and I was told no explicitly by you to that they can't add more users to it because the way it was set up before
So can we add a distribution list to add people to so we don't have to
It's easier to make conference rooms and stuff usually have distribution list that have permissions. Right. Yes. My understanding,
Okay. The reason you probably told no is because of again the security aspect of it.
Agree. We'll have to take a look and see what we can do.
Good. The calendar. We set up like a room or your conference room or something because those when something well because you don't send us those
We need to be able to send as
That's the critical piece you're having a public calendar that doesn't belong to anybody in the event of this awkward term.
Or someone leaves or I only appointment, but I'm on vacation and no one can I mean other than like everybody in the office, giving everybody access to their calendars. That's, that's not a good solution either like it just seems having a
Departmental calendar exists, like that. So if I send the invitation for my next workshop or new employee orientation.
And I'm out on vacation. Mara can be like, Oh no, there was a flood of this conference room. These things have happened to us. People we can't use that conference room, LAURA'S OUT. I'm going to fix this for her and she can't
Because it's time to my calendar or in this terrible situation we have people missing their payroll deadlines, because they have a recurring appointment.
That is tied to a person's calendar which is like awful. This is an HR nightmare. It's just awkward and just awkward. Oh my gosh. Is that awkward, so
Okay. Well, thank you. Thank you. Well, thank you. Dominic. Yep, what, let me before we adjourn.
will definitely be sending the one request about how will handle that, or the recurrence of those two conferences or meetings, but
Will you guys want will you be taking the initiative for an investigating that, if we can create this other account for how do you guys want to go about that.
I'm will look into it. We don't need a ticket or anything on that.
And then we'll get back to you on two seconds.
And you guys. You guys have a sense of like a time timeline of when we should expect a response or when we should follow up with you guys execute on here.
In the business Thursday. Should we
go that fast. That's awesome. Is there any details or additional information. You guys need from us.
I don't think so. Okay.
Certainly, feel free to reach out if there's anything
You guys have any other questions.
I think to be proactive. We will go ahead and make sure to share with you the email address that we already have the knowledge enterprise today shoot it to you as well as our department deal
In case you're just like, oh, here we can just do this. That way you'll have everything set up for the permissions and you won't have to ask us, that would make your life a little bit easier.
Sounds good.
Alrighty, thank you guys give our best stimulus. I'm sorry, Mr.
Whenever you submit that ticket for the one events through my name in there and the student workers should a bug me about it. So,
Thank you.
Guys.